The Bible is the world’s most popular book.
You may already have a copy in your home.
Its wisdom can help you and your family
to enjoy life now
and gain a real hope for the future.
Jehovah’s Witnesses
offer a home Bible study program
that is designed to help you
get the most out of your own Bible.
You will not be taught religious traditions
—only what the Bible teaches.
The Bible study is free,
and there is no charge for the Bible
or Bible study publication you will use.
You choose when, where,
and how often you would like to study.
You will consider Bible subjects by topic.
A study session
may be as short as ten minutes
or up to an hour or more.
Regardless of where
or when you choose to study,
you are not obligated
to become one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
There are no tests or exams.
And you can learn at your own pace.
The lessons include illustrations and videos
that make learning easier and more enjoyable.
You’ll have the opportunity to read
and research the material before you
discuss it with one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Study sessions
can be held at your home,
over the phone,
or via videoconferencing.
You’ll learn how to apply the Bible’s wisdom
so that you can enjoy life to the full.
To request a Bible study,
speak to one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
or go to jw.org.